# Meeting Notes

## 2017.09.01
1. Jacob and Emily set up the team website, and others got used to github so that everyone knew how to edit it.
2. We wrote our team contract together. Eric documented the contract on the website.
3. Drew was absent due to a conflict. He told us prior to the meeting, so we are okay with it.
4. Emily uploaded files on google drive.
5. Ayomi distributed work for the lab 1 report.

## 2017.09.08
1. We discussed what open lab times work best next week. We agreed to decide who will go to which one, after lab Monday night 
2. We broke up the teams for lab 2. The Acoustic Team: Ayomi, Eric, Jacob; The Optical Team: Joo-yeon, Emily, Drew
3. We chose a second meeting time that works for everyone. Which we added to the team contract.

## 2017.09.15
1. We discussed how we would split the writeup between us for Lab 2 and MS1
2. Ayomi: Tone Detection, Drew, Emily, Jennie: Treasure Detection, Eric, Jacob: Milestone 1
3. Brainstormed how we would work on Milestone 2
5. We will meet Monday night during the allotted lab time to work on MS2
6. Worked on updating the website for Lab 2 and MS1

## 2017.09.22
1. Discussed how to split up MS2
2. Drew (code) and Jacob (calibration): wall detection
3. Emily (code), Ayomi (things to improve on), Jennie (how we found bin ranges), Eric (distance from sensor): treasure detection

## 2017.09.29
1. Decided on teams: Emily, Ayomi, Eric for team 1, and Drew, Jacob, and Jennie for team 2.
2. Reminded each other to fill out the team survey

## 2017.10.06
1. Team attended optional lecture on debugging analog circuitry instead of having a team meeting.

## 2017.10.20
1. Decided to start working on milestone 3 next week.
2. talked about finishing lab 4.

## 2017.10.27
1. Talked about how to finish milestone 3.
2. Talked about how to implement mux and simulation code.
3. Described how we would indicate when the track is complete.

## 2017.11.3
1. Team met in lab and worked on debugging the mux and wall detections during the meeting.
